c:\users\umarbilal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TextPreProcessing\TextPreProcessing\bin\Debug\TextPreProcessing.exe.config
c:\users\umarbilal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TextPreProcessing\TextPreProcessing\bin\Debug\TextPreProcessing.exe
c:\users\umarbilal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TextPreProcessing\TextPreProcessing\bin\Debug\TextPreProcessing.pdb
c:\users\umarbilal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TextPreProcessing\TextPreProcessing\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Bson.dll
c:\users\umarbilal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TextPreProcessing\TextPreProcessing\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.Core.dll
c:\users\umarbilal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TextPreProcessing\TextPreProcessing\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.dll
c:\users\umarbilal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TextPreProcessing\TextPreProcessing\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Bson.xml
c:\users\umarbilal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TextPreProcessing\TextPreProcessing\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.xml
c:\users\umarbilal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TextPreProcessing\TextPreProcessing\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.Core.xml
c:\users\umarbilal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TextPreProcessing\TextPreProcessing\obj\Debug\TextPreProcessing.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\umarbilal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TextPreProcessing\TextPreProcessing\obj\Debug\TextPreProcessing.exe
c:\users\umarbilal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TextPreProcessing\TextPreProcessing\obj\Debug\TextPreProcessing.pdb
C:\Users\UmarBilal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TextPreProcessing\TextPreProcessing\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.dll
C:\Users\UmarBilal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TextPreProcessing\TextPreProcessing\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.pdb
C:\Users\UmarBilal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TextPreProcessing\TextPreProcessing\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.xml
C:\Users\UmarBilal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TextPreProcessing\TextPreProcessing\bin\Debug\big.txt
C:\Users\UmarBilal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TextPreProcessing\TextPreProcessing\bin\Debug\LinqToTwitter.AspNet.dll
C:\Users\UmarBilal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TextPreProcessing\TextPreProcessing\bin\Debug\LinqToTwitter.net.dll
C:\Users\UmarBilal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TextPreProcessing\TextPreProcessing\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Core.dll
C:\Users\UmarBilal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TextPreProcessing\TextPreProcessing\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Interfaces.dll
C:\Users\UmarBilal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TextPreProcessing\TextPreProcessing\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Linq.dll
C:\Users\UmarBilal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TextPreProcessing\TextPreProcessing\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.PlatformServices.dll
C:\Users\UmarBilal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TextPreProcessing\TextPreProcessing\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Core.xml
C:\Users\UmarBilal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TextPreProcessing\TextPreProcessing\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Interfaces.xml
C:\Users\UmarBilal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TextPreProcessing\TextPreProcessing\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Linq.xml
C:\Users\UmarBilal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TextPreProcessing\TextPreProcessing\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.PlatformServices.xml
